{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 SourceSansPro-SemiBold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red70\green70\blue70;\red255\green255\blue255;\red70\green70\blue70;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c34510\c34510\c34510;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c34510\c34510\c34510;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13520\viewh15780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hi there, my name is Matt Williams. I\'92m a freelance digital designer based in New Plymouth, New Zealand.\'a0I provide digital graphic content to marketing and communication agencies across New Zealand and around the world. \
\
Many marketing agencies don\'92t have the need or budget for a full-time designer, but they often need to provide graphic content for their clients, such as eDMs, banners, headers, ads, and social content - small design jobs that they just need to get done. The cost of hiring a design agency or hunting done a professional designer who doesn\'92t change the earth can be a headache for marketing agencies. That\'92s where I come in. \
\
Within my 15 years of freelancing in the design and advertising industry, 
\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 I have worked remotely  for the past 5, making use of high internet speeds and global connectivity. This has allowed me to lower the overheads of my business and I pass those savings onto my clients. I am always online and always reachable, so it really feels like I am working right there in your office.\

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
I you are looking for an on-call designer who can quickly deliver digital content that fulfils expectations and connects with your audience, please drop me a line. I\'92m always happy to have a chat about your needs and discuss how I can help. \
\
Thanks for your time.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\
}